Registry: Add info about SA access to different types of registries (#2753)
wandb/docs: models/registry/configure_registry.mdx

The following sections give more information about Registry roles.

<Note>

> Your [role in a team](/platform/app/settings-page/teams/#team-roles-and-permissions) does not automatically assign the same role in every registry. For a registry owned by a team, however, W&B considers your role in that team when it calculates your effective registry role.

Reviewer: couple of things to note here:
- what does it mean for a team to _own_ a registry?
- we don't consider the user's role in the team while resolving registry access. we just consider the role of the team in the registry + the user's role

</Note>

### Role types

W&B Registry has the following roles:

> - **Restricted Viewer**: Provides read-only access to registry artifacts without the ability to create, update, or delete collections, automations, or other registry resources. [This role is available for Dedicated Cloud and Self-Managed Server v0.75.0 or newer](/models/registry/configure_registry#restricted-viewer-role-details).

Reviewer: I think we could add a note that the read-only access in this case means that the user will only be able to access/read the artifact's metadata, and not its files' contents.

| Service account (non admin)            | Member<sup><a href="#service_account_footnote">1</a></sup>                | Member<sup><a href="#service_account_footnote">1</a></sup> |
| Org admin                              | Admin                                                       | Admin                                           |

<a id="service_account_footnote">1</a>: Service accounts cannot have **Viewer** or **Restricted Viewer** roles. See [Service account access](#service-account-access) for how a service account's access is determined.

A registry admin can assign or modify roles for users and teams in the registry.
See [Configure user roles in a registry](/models/registry/configure_registry/#configure-registry-roles) for more information.

### Service account access

Service accounts cannot have **Viewer** or **Restricted Viewer** roles. W&B determines a service account's access to a registry with the following rules:

> - **Registries with Organization visibility**: a service account automatically has **Member** access.

Reviewer: should we mention that they can be promoted to Admin too by adding them separately and setting their role as Admin?

> - **Registries with Restricted visibility**: service acount access depends on the role assigned to the service account's team:

Reviewer: This currently reads as though service accounts can only inherit permissions through their teams. It's only in the following point that it becomes clear service accounts can also be added directly and assigned roles independently. Would it make sense to clarify that here to avoid that initial impression?

>   - If the team is added to the registry as a **Member** or **Admin**, the service account automatically receives **Member** access.

Reviewer: worth adding that here if we want the SA to have admin access, they'd have to be added separately.

| Org admin                              | Admin                                                       | Admin                                           |

<a id="service_account_footnote">1</a>: Service accounts cannot have **Viewer** or **Restricted Viewer** roles. See [Service account access](#service-account-access) for how a service account's access is determined.

A registry admin can assign or modify roles for users and teams in the registry.
See [Configure user roles in a registry](/models/registry/configure_registry/#configure-registry-roles) for more information.

### Service account access

W&B assigns a default access level to a service account based on the registry's visibility and the service account's team role. A registry admin can modify a service account's access by [adding the service account to the registry with a Member or Admin role](/models/registry/configure_registry/#add-a-user-or-a-team-to-a-registry).

The following describes the default access level for a service account:

- **Registries with Organization visibility**: a service account automatically has **Member** access.

> - **Registries with Restricted visibility**: service acount access depends on the role assigned to the service account's team:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Registries with Restricted visibility**: service acount access depends on the role assigned to the service account's team or the service account itself:
```

Reviewer: this still reads to me as though one _needs_ to assign a team role for the service account to receive a role in a restricted registry. i think we should instead focus on how service accounts dont inherit _higher_ permissions just because a team they're in gets assigned "admin" in a registry. (and this is true for both restricted and non-restricted registries)

| Org admin                              | Admin                                                       | Admin                                           |

<a id="service_account_footnote">1</a>: Service accounts cannot have **Viewer** or **Restricted Viewer** roles. See [Service account access](#service-account-access) for how a service account's access is determined.

A registry admin can assign or modify roles for users and teams in the registry.
See [Configure user roles in a registry](/models/registry/configure_registry/#configure-registry-roles) for more information.

### Effective and inherited registry roles
A user's *effective registry role* is the role that determines what they can actually do in a registry. The registry's membership list shows this role in light gray next to the role dropdown in the user's row.

<Frame>
    <img src="/images/registry/role_conflict.png" alt="Registry membership list showing the user's effective registry role"  />
</Frame>

W&B calculates the effective role by selecting the user's highest applicable role from these sources:

- Their organization role.
- Their assigned role in the registry.

> - Their role in the team that owns the registry.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The default registry role for the organization, if it is not a restricted registry.
- Their assigned role in the registry.
- The role(s) assigned in the registry to any team(s) they are a part of.
```

Reviewer: I don't think we need to mention what individual role gets assigned to a user when they're added to a registry when explaining what their effective registry role is. wdyt?

If a higher role comes from the organization or owning team instead of the registry role dropdown, the user inherits that higher role. For example:

> - A team **Admin** or organization **Admin** with the **Viewer** role in a particular registry owned by the team is effectively an **Admin** of the registry.

Reviewer: i acknowledge this isn't a part of your changes, but not sure what it means for a team to own a registry
